Update changelog with announcement on OSM 1.10 features (#3603)
timescale/docs: about/changelog.md

### PostgreSQL-to-PostgreSQL foreign data wrappers: 
Fetch and query data from multiple PostgreSQL databases, including time-series data in hypertables, directly within Timescale Cloud using [foreign data wrappers (FDW)](https://docs.timescale.com/use-timescale/latest/schema-management/foreign-data-wrappers/). No more complicated ETL processes or external tools—just seamless integration right within your SQL editor. This feature is ideal for developers who manage multiple PostgreSQL and time-series instances and need quick, easy access to data across databases.

> ### Faster queries over Tiered Data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Faster queries over tiered data 
```

> This release adds support for runtime chunk exclusion for queries that need to access tiered storage. Chunk exclusion now works with queries that use stable expressions in the WHERE clause. Most common form of this type of query is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for runtime chunk exclusion for queries that need to access [tiered storage](https://docs.timescale.com/use-timescale/latest/data-tiering/). Chunk exclusion now works with queries that use stable expressions in the `WHERE` clause. The most common form of this type of query is:
```

```
SELECT * FROM  hypertable WHERE timestamp_col > now() - '100 days'::interval
```

For more info on queries with immutable/stable/volatile filters, check our blog post on [Implementing constraint exclusion for faster query performance](https://www.timescale.com/blog/implementing-constraint-exclusion-for-faster-query-performance/).

> Additionally, there is now an option to disable tiering on a hypertable. If you no longer want to use tiered storage for a particular hypertable, you can drop the associated metadata by calling the [disable_tiering function](https://docs.timescale.com/use-timescale/latest/data-tiering/disabling-data-tiering/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you no longer want to use tiered storage for a particular hypertable, you can now disable tiering and drop the associated tiering metadata on the hypertable with a call to [disable_tiering function](https://docs.timescale.com/use-timescale/latest/data-tiering/disabling-data-tiering/). 
```
